[QUOTE=Teto]I guess I'll volenteer for the stories though it might take a while. I will defiantly need to watch Star Trek.[/QUOTE]




Oh great!!!! *ta ta taa taa taa tata tataa* <= some fanfares for you

The strong star trek relation for the stories is cool but not needed..
I'd appreciate "new" stories too..
no need to recreate episodes - just be creative..
Any kind of story, that is able to be played through in KSP with LCARS/NCI is welcome..
even if it's something like "Go and get me a pizza at jool" - it's a valid task and it can give cash
But it needs a pizza cook at jool - such a part can be built easely if really required..

All Business points offer default missions in form of Resource gathering - not every time you visit, you will get a "story" offered..
but when you get one, NCI will allow for completely new gameplay.


I will now try to feed you with all information you will need..
it's a long post but you don't need to memorize all just now - just keep that message saved somewhere, so you can allways go back and read if you have a question..
as a reference..

So far I have the following to offer:
- IonStorm - a dangerouse place that can be the host for many cool story steps
- Badlands - a 17Km wide annomaly with 12 independent plasma storms in it - can be used like the ion storm but it also features an artificial planetoid that is hollow and contains an alien shrine of some sort.
- a black hole - it's dangerouse to go close, that's why everyone want's you to scann it from close up
- several asteroids (all FASA asteroids - with permission)
- two different space stations (planned are 4 more but not done yet)
- Memory-Alpha (more info below) - an asteroid station with a lot of knowledge to get if you have the right access code - all you need to know, will be available there, but you need a code for each info
  (the story should provide a means to collect the code and define the info you get for it)
- an old Mining station in a partially destroyed asteroid - abandoned but some rooms might still have valuable stuff..
  Thought for extended EVA missions.
  That asteroid also has a hidden second cavern, no one will tell you it's there and you won't see it from the entrance.. - but you will hear "rumours"
Inside that hidden cavern, you'll find aliens to talk to and/or artefacts to pick up..
- Minefields (probbably several types with different abilities and different ways to disarm them) - some one could tell you to disarm 20 of them and collect the valuable circuits inside
- (hopefully, not yet) groups of enemy ships like some klingons that will hunt you - can be used for destroy mission

I guess you get the point - NCI is a huge playground and it can host all you want.
If you wrtite a story where something is included that I don't have or NCI can't do, I will build it  and implement it.
NCI shall be able to run any kind of story with any kind of task and any kind of parts, vessels, objects involved..


A story is slpit up in "steps" for easy processing.
Step 1 is allways the dialog that offers the mission and step 1 ends with the acceptance of the mission.
Step 2 is allready story dependant. (example: go and scann the black hole)
A story can have unlimited steps and it ends with what you defined.
If it's an artefact delivery, you will get your reward when you deliver and the mission ends.
Same for information delivery or resource delivery.


Each completed story should produce a reward for the user.
cash, science, reputation or a valuable artefact that he can use for other purposes in other stories.
Such as a universial alien-code-key that allows to decrypt alien code - one of these must be found first to perform missions where alien code is involved..
So the user can grow abilities and get stronger over time

Each story will be defined with requirements.
The user must create a ionstorm to get stories where an ionstorm is present.
So if you don't have the code key, the story that needs it will not be offered..

Let me elaborate the features that are fixed on my todo list..
All that is stuff you can use in your stories..

Tasks some one could order you to do:
- scan specific thing, optionally from specific distance
- pick up specific item/artefact at specific location
- destroy specific thing at specific location
- deliver specified amount of a specified resource

The user can receive the following message types form whom ever you want:
- plain messages - allways readable
- encrypted messages - must be decoded with standard means
- encrypted with a damaged codec - the user will only be dispyed a random 95% of the message
- encrypted with an alien code - can't be decoded without a special artefact
- encrypted with a unbreakable code - can never be read. (*)

(* On the first, that does not make sense - but it will be used as secret messages you have to deliver or as password sequences for certain stuff.
Also the Memory alpha will use such a code for each info.)

Story elements that can happen:

1. Communication between persons
the system allows to run interactive talks
some one says something and you will have 1 or more reply options (that are button to click with "yes" or "no" or something on it
In short - you can writ conversations

1a. Meet persons - if the story says, you will find an alien merchant on one of the FASA asteroids, NCI will place that guy on the asteroid for us.
If the story say fly through the badlands untill you get contacted, NCI will send this message for us.
NCI is full interactive and can on-the-fly add such features if the story demands it.

2. Items to pick up
Such items can be artefacts or informations
LCARS will have a inventory where those are sotred.
some one can hire you to gather some object, you collect it where ever you need to and you can deliver it to the person and receive some form of payment.
cash, reputation,science, or an other artefact needed for a story - what ever
If the story feines and artefact at a specific location, NCI will make sure it's there.

2a. it is possible, that you will get an artifact from your boss that is needed for the story.
Think of stuff like "A special energy collector that needs to stay active for 2 minutes within 1 KM of the black hole"
You go on an shamelesslay invent these things for your stories - I will code the needed artefacts to make it happen.
I can't think of any real limitation we have to adhere right now - so don't hesitate to think big.
"Transport this box of tribbles to there - but if they experiance more than 3 G they die and you will not get paid."
I hope you see the possibilities this offers..

3. destroy stuff - for example find the secret code that allows to trigger the self destruct of the alien base inside the badlands..
Or find the alien artefact, that will alow your phaser to become that strong, that you can blow up the IonStorm
(wich isn't possible by default - the storm is made too strong - the artefact could lower the storm's limits while close to it, so it will become possible)

4. it will have a library-station called Memory-Alpha (as in star trek)
It works as follows - you need a clearance code to receive something.
Each clearance code is bound to a single information.
To find the code is the first adventure, to get the info the second, to put the info to good use is the third..
The station actually knows nothing but if a story offers a code and an info, the station will make it happen for you.
It makes sense, if that info will have any forther use in the story - open a save in an abandoned station or what have you.
if you need a certain info, you need to find the clearance code for it..
in the sotry, you will need to write a way to provide both, the clearance code AND the information..
The user will have to find the code at the specified location by talking, trading, scanning or picking up an artefact - then he goes to that station and exchanges the code for some info.
That info is handled like and Artefact in the inventory and can be sold or used for some stuff as defined in the story.


If something here wasn't clear because of my bad english or you just have some more questions about the terms I used, ask as much as you like..







